what's up YouTube this is here's X
derivative and I am bringing you what
it's got to be one most frustrating
things I've ever done in Dave's ex it's
very hard you have to beat this boss
named Barrett and so what I've done
already is I've I have a supplement my
health with some painkillers and a cyber
Bruce bone and I got nipped to 125 you
get a shot on the way running over here
but my strategy is basically using these
barrels scatter around them to your
advantage because I do not have any guns
for this level I was completely out of
my time I reach this boss so I had to
rely on this revolver and these barrels
so as you see what I did is that you
have to go over and run to the barrels
the first barrel on the left pick up as
much crap as you can around that box on
the top and wait for him to come over
and you can throw the barrel at him
next after he's stunned from getting hit
by the barrel you can run over and pick
up another barrel and throw it at him
now we're back into real time we went
over here you here's and more health
supplements at that box you can pick up
the third barrel and throw it at him the
key to this strategy is to not to rush
if you rush then he's going to shoot the
barrel if he shoots the barrel then you
get hit by a big explosion now why don't
you want to be hit by every disclosure
well first off that's just generally not
a good idea
second you die and I guess the Tison
with it generally knocking the idea so
right about here I got into some trouble
because I thought I might be able to
finish off with the revolver but I just
wasn't able to and I panicked and tried
to look at what I have left so I looked
for anything that could help me with
health that's always a good idea if you
have extra health boosts always use them
I unfortunately did not have dental 19
healthier but fortunately I was able to
get
some sneaky little moves and I put a
little hope to by him I still think we
call it that and I found a gas canister
and you always want to be looking for
those gasps cancers because if they stun
and he can't find you
which means he cannot shoot you because
if you run away in time he was stop
shooting you you have time to regenerate
be healthy anything it all the way to
100 in this game and that allows you to
have more time to regroup and figure out
your next plan if you see on the top of
that box there is an analyst - so I was
thinking you know I have a shotgun my
inventory and I could really use that
shotgun so I'm going to go ahead and put
the sandwich - look for now right about
now it's 2:00 in the morning when I
recorded this my mom came down and she
was like you know you got to get off
this xbox so I sort of took a little bit
longer than I would hope to right here
but uh that because I experts explaining
that I need to finish this tutorial but
it's so sorry about this little pause
right here but as you can see I'm
dumping ammo for other guns and dumping
just general things in order to get my
in order to get room for that shotgun
ammo so when you get fuck those five
shares and those actually played in to
be very important later in the game so
I'm still trying to avoid him as best I
can
he's going to come around this little
corner once again you have to use the
old a to avoid him and he is somehow
loosen that mean I suppose and then I
get in the back
get in the front get three but shells
into him and that is it so I'm going to
not show this cutscene all the way I'm
going to fast-forward through it because
IGN has been taking my videos for
copyright abuse even though rights to
the videos whatsoever because they do
not own Davis X so unfortunately we have
to fast-forward through this but that
was basically how the mission works
that's how you can defeat bear without
any really special things out then maybe
a health booster - and I hope you
enjoyed the guide please be sure to
subscribe and like and I'll release
another Deus Ex video soon